Document how docs are handled before and during release. (#1388)
kudobuilder/kudo: RELEASE.md

### Master

The `HEAD` of `master` branch is considered the most active development, to which new features and bug fixes are applied. The expectation is that master will always build and pass tests.
Development is incremental. It is expected that pull-requests are either:
 - complete and fully integrated into code execution path, or
 - have a feature switch which must be enabled until code completion is reached.

`HEAD` on master is expected to be in a state that it could be released.
The next major release will be tagged and released from master.
If the current released version is `v0.3.1` and the next major release is `v0.4.0`, then when it is deemed appropriate `v0.4.0` will be tagged off master, followed by a release.
From that tag work will continue on master.

*If* it is necessary in the future to have a patch release for `v0.4.1`, a branch will be created off the `v0.4.0` tag with the nomenclature of `releases/{major.minor}`, in this example `releases/0.4`.
Branches matching `releases/*` are protected branches in the repository.

> 

Reviewer: it could be useful to add that the `HEAD` of a release branch is also expected to be releasable and it's purpose is for bug fixes only.  No new features are to be added to `release` branch.

### Documentation

Pull request for documentation (in the `kudo.dev` repo) should be prepared and reviewed at
the same time as the pull request for any user-visible (documentation-worthy) change.
The description for the code change PR should link to the documentation PR (and vice-versa).

The documentation PR should be made against the `next-release` branch, and merged as soon as its
corresponding PR(s) against the `kudo` repo is/are merged.

### Bug Fixes

Bug fixes are expected to be worked on and applied to `master`.

> If the fix is needed for a previous supported release version of KUDO, then a back port is expected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the fix is needed for a previously supported release version of KUDO, then a backport is expected.
```

> The bug pull request is expected to be marked with a `backport` label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bug fix pull request is expected to be marked with a `backport` label.
```

It is easiest for the developer working on the bug to back port to a previous version.

> It is expected when possible that the back port is a `git cherry-pick` to a previous version, updating as necessary to conform to previous code and architecture.

Reviewer 2: wdyt about:
```suggestion
If a bug fix has to be backported to a previous version, it is expected when possible that the backport is a `git cherry-pick`, updated if necessary to conform to previous code and architecture.
```

[Help](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line) provided from Github.
The token must grant full access to: `repo`, `write:packages`, `read:packages`.
1. Ensure you are logged into Docker hub and have rights to push to kudobuilder.
1. Tag the `kudo` repo with expected release `git tag -a v0.2.0 -m "v0.2.0"` and push the tag `git push --tags`.
1. Invoke goreleaser `goreleaser --rm-dist`.
1. Update the GH release with Release highlights and a changelog. There is a draft that contains categorized changes since the last release, use this as a template. It provides categories for highlights and breaking changes, the issues there should get a more detailed description. After the contents are copied, the draft can be deleted.
1. Merge the `next-release` branch of the `kudo.dev` repo into its `master` with:
   ```bash
   cd kudo.dev
   git checkout master && git pull && git merge origin/next-release
   git push origin master
   ```
   Immediately after that, re-create the `next-release` from the tip of `master` with:
   ```bash
   git branch -D next-release
   git checkout -b next-release
   git push origin +HEAD
   ```

> 1. Send an announcement email to `kudobuilder@googlegroups.com` with the subject `[ANNOUNCE] Kudo $VERSION is released`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Send an announcement email to [kudobuilder@googlegroups.com](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kudobuilder) with the subject `[ANNOUNCE] Kudo $VERSION is released`
```
